Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/databricks_app/README.md

# Databricks App for working with Databricks jobs

> This example demonstrates how to define an Databricks App in a Declarative Automation Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to define a Databricks App.
```
